Oh and Kure suddenly is through
one-on-one with the goalkeeper
Aruna connais can he finish she can for
Wigan it's to nil let's come out to
McManaman and still very sore initially
and then squeezed home by Cotto connais
close control
Melones onto it only the centre descent
of their tumor learning with some great
work Tony heads in
if it Narns are up in the air with a
flag has stayed down from Kody Santo
Wigan Athletic and they at least get
something back before the break it's
supposed to shore
- one strong determined so - is Jagielka
though her name looking Distan can't get
a color
well they've half the deficit now
the corner for Maloney the sound so
takes over a good spell this for Wigan
and conex through Cody away from Guzan
surely number three it is
it's another gold L use your Villa Park
is McManaman driving for the byline
Gomez and Cote it's two-nil cheer up is
that run under his foot and it's a runic
own a this to finish your palace field
oh what a devastating finish and a gorge
and in Figaro is head it came off Tony
and Wigan have the lead one of the
strongest goals you'll see this weekend
taking too much time and Morrison's lost
it here the sands Oh posix your Tony
screaming for it far side with a lovely
past
Aruna Cunha here with a chance to make
it to brilliant brilliant finish
let's kick in the first half next goal
wins time
smelled away yet it's still on he's
bouncing around and he keeps it out
today turns it in Wigan we're in the
dying seconds
lucky there because Boyce was waiting
for on the far side advantage play and
now it's with the rune of cone a cone
over the shot to go from Aruna Cody
finely fashioned spies or not to be
totally all over the cargo and bring him
down both assure over it comes towards
today we can level out of the blow